(1. Here i want Dean access beside staff registration remove the Dean access completely from the staff domain  
2. Here in Dean access there should be different folder such as doctor, nurse, medical officer etc given in the image and another folder should be "staff registration" something like this which means if Dean has registered any staff registration person only he can register staff so when we open staff registration portal then we have to fill id and password (here id starts with stf then 3 numbers) 
3. This staff registration should be connected to Dean access as what all doctors are registered here will be stored in the doctor folder same goes to every field (now I have saved some doc ids don't delete those just organise properly in Dean access)
4. Dean can delete the doctor id or any other staff as well once they are deleted their personal account will be vanished but not yet effected to patient folder and all 
5. As i said before in patient registration name, role then I'd should come as each role has his different id starting different 
6. Here in staff domain once we click on discharged/dead patient then we should be able to cheak each and every details what doctors filled earlier that's mandatory for all patient and staff domain 
7. Here when we have assign doctor option there it's displayed but i want a feature where we can even write it manually 
8. The most important (when ever doctor upgrade the patient or at first registration ai will decide "this was happening till now")  but i want doctor should have an option to use ai or manually write the colour stage but!but!but! 
If the symptom is really in red zone then eventho doctor select green zone ai will automatically put the patient in red zone with a warning notification 
9. Here in ai access it's public but the chats should be stored only in particular patients or staffs account and even he can delete it if he doesn't want that
10. Most ever important: this app should work on both system and phone so for system purpose it's really good but not for phone )